Week 1

Group formed. I created the Jira account. As a team,
we delegated the project proposal up and divided it 
amongst the team members. Everyone contributed to the
user stories for the project. In particular, I added
user stories for the novelty functions as well as 
acceptance criteria for the novelty functions and some
other user stories that had not yet been filled out.

Week 2

We decided the architecture of the whole project, I would
be assigned the development of the backend. Also I had
read and summarised into notes the readings for the projects.
I also created the Jira dashboard with the epic stories and
made sure that everyone could access it. I had also added
story points and assigned priorities to the novelty functions.

Week 3

This week we had started coding for our sections. I was
assigned to work on the login, register and authentication of
users. To begin, I had started watching Youtube tutorials on
login and registering. My goal this week was to familiarise
myself with the whole project so that I could start strong
when it was time to code. By the end of the week, I had managed
to get the login and registering of the accounts to work. The
main obstacle was trying to learn javascript, which is a 
programming language that I had not worked with before.

Week 4

This week, the group continued to work on their respective 
sections. I continued to work on the authentication of users
and admins by looking into tokenisation, authentication and
authorisation. By our second team meeting, I had managed to 
create a very simple authentication and authorisation system.

Week 5

This week I worked on creating the backend for customer profiles.
I also had started on researching into the emailing order 
confirmations using node-mailer. Furthermore, I also had started
on the reset and forgot password functionality.

Week 6

This week, I had finished off the emailing for order confirmation.
After the order confirmation, I had also started to plan out how
the weekly newsletter would be sent out to the customers. It had
been decided that we would go with New arrivals and new discounts
which seemed the most logical. My plan this week was to finish
most of the emailing so that I could move onto managing admin 
accounts.

Week 7

This week was dedicated to managing the admin accounts. After I 
had finished with the emailing for the new arrivals and discounts,
I worked on the admin accounts which included changing the 
permissions of accounts and terminating them with a termination date.
node-cron was used to schedule tasks such as the newsletter as well
as checking the admin termination dates.

Week 8

This week, I cleaned up the customerid authentication checks and 
refactored them so that it was easier to read and more modular.
I had also finished and tested the manage admins which had been
tested with the frontend. Furthermore, I had begun working on the
search bar functionality which I had aimed to complete by the next 
week.

Week 9

This week, I worked on finishing the search bar. I had updated it
by ranking the order which had the most matches higher and removed
duplicate searches that may have happened. I had also worked on the
wishlist for the frontend which was completed rather quickly.
Additionally, I had also setup emails to our new inbox account
which deals with customer issues. Emails were set up for the 
price matcher, price drop, and customer issues.

Week 10

This week was focused mainly on ironing out the bugs for the final
demo. Additionally, we worked on the final report as well. I was
responsible for writing up the overview and overseeing the different
parts of the report and making sure that it all flowed together.
