# Week 1:
## What has been done?
- I learnt some basic JS functionality over the break
- Group was formed and we all introduced ourselves
- Decided on the project we wanted to do, E-Commerce project
- Discussed languages for each section of the project
    - Backend (Node.JS)
    - Frontend (React)
    - Database (MangoDB)
- Brainstormed user stories and possible novel ideas


## What was planned for me?
- [x] User stories and transferring them to Jira
- [x] Gave each user story their tags and story points
- [x] Help design wireframe (helper)

## Summary / reflection
We had our first team meeting and introduced ourselves. The team formed 
demonstrated strong teamwork and communication skills, and discussions
were informative but kept in a good time frame. We set set each individual
goals for the week and planned a second meeting time.


# Week 2:
## What have I done?
- Added user stories that focused on general browsing of the store
- Created novel ideas that should help evalate / distinguish us from the 
competition

## What was planned for me?
- [x] Read and make notes on designated case studies

## Summary / reflection
Team meetings have been greatly helpful as we are constantly fixing issues 
that other people missed in a respectful manner. We have created a plan for our
sprints and feel prepared for the coding portion of the project. Everything is
being kept well organised using applications like discord, messenger and jira.


# Week 3:
## What have I done?
-  Read "Recommender System Application Developments: A Survey" and created
notes to get the main points across to the team

## What was planned for me?
- [x] Learn how to use Node.JS and express
- [x] Research into Web Scraping

## Summary / reflection
This week we have planned who will work on what sections (frontend, backend, 
database), I will be working on backend which I am more comfortable in but
I would be interesting in helping with frontend. Web scraping will greatly
benefical since we won't have to individually input each product into the 
database, rather we can scan the web for pre-exisiting data on the product
and add whatever is missing. 


# Week 4:
## What have I done?
- Learnt how to web scrap
- Learnt that most computer ecommerce sites deny access request to prevent
botters buying out stock

## What was planned for me?
- [x] Begin and finish design on the cart feature of the site

## Summary / reflection
Due to some reason, many online computer part retail stores prevent request 
commands, this may be due to the current shortage of particular components.
This prevents the ability to webscrape so the team has resorted just manually
adding items to the database. I have also been moved to frontend 


Week 5:
## What have I done?
- Created the cart page structure (buttons and displays)
- Connected the local storage to the cart display
- Finished all the functionality for the cart page
- Contributed to the retrospective 

## What was planned for me?
- [x] Start task on Jira (recommender system)

## Summary / reflection
It was quite a struggle learning how to use JavaScript, especially since I 
didn't start from the basic and didn't have too much time to learn the complex
nature of creating a website with several other people. However, everything was
completely large because of great team communication and a willingness to help
eachother when we need.


# Week 6:
## What have I done?
- Created the cart page structure (buttons and displays)
- Implemented most of the functionality for the cart page
    - displays cart
    - takes the details of the customer
- Made questions for the recommender system in a google doc

## What was planned for me?
- [x] Finish the cart
- [x] Begin the structure of the questionaire for the recommender system

## Summary / reflection
For this project and future project strong communication is required for 
smooth process and code development. The whole team clearly has strong 
communication skill, as well as, consistently go out of their way to help
others. This was demonstrated when I asked other team members about to receive
data that is created by their code, we started a call and worked together to 
solve the code. 


# Week 7:
## What have I done?
- finished implementation of the cart page
    - sends the backend the customer order
- Made each question of the recommender system in top question 
    - began a simple algorithm to calculate the best parts for a computer
      from the answers from the questionaire

## What was planned for me?
- [x] Finshed functionality of recommender system
- [x] Understand other people's code to answer question in the demonstration

## Summary / reflection
As we get closer to deadlines, the team has planned for more meetings and 
stand-up which evolve to peer programming if necessary. This proved to be 
extrememly useful as we had found multiple bugs, as a team we solved these bugs
and planned for future code. Documentation is a point we can improve on since 
some documents are quite extensive and confusing, however team members are
usually on standby to answer questions when needed.


# Week 8:
## What have I done?
- Finshed functionality of recommender system
- Demonstration for sprint 2
- Contrubuted to the retrospective B

## What was planned for me?
- [x] Impliment sprint 3 functionality
    - make recommender survey dynamic
    - have the recommender algorithm consider every question
    - have insurance and price match url in the cart menu
- [x] Style recommender and cart pages

## Summary / reflection
This week we finished the code extrememly close to the deadline and is 
something our team definitely wants to fixed. Personally, I need to set 
deadlines and communicate my updates much more frequently. Overall, the demo
went well with only a single issue and we achieved nearly full marks for the
respective. I am happy with the team's effort and efficiency, I still have 
room for improvement but in the end everything went well. We are hopefully 
going to finish 95% of the project by the end of next week. 


# Week 9:
## What have I done?
- Implimented sprint 3 functionality for recommender and cart
    - make recommender survey dynamic
    - have the recommender algorithm consider every question
    - have insurance and price match url in the cart menu
- Bug fixes

## What was planned for me?
- [x] Style Cart and Checkout pages
- [x] Style Recommender, Question and Recommendation page
- [x] Add JavaDoc and comments to code
- [x] Finish designated section for the report

## Summary / reflection
From what we learnt from the previous weeks, we finished all functionality 
for the spring much before the due date which will allow us plenty of time 
to make the website look nice and practice for the demonstration. This is a 
large improve from last sprint as we were press for time and did finished 
everything we set for that sprint. Overall, the team has increase the number
of stand up to constantly keep track of where we are, as well as, quickly
fix issues that comes from merging branches together.


# Week 10:
## What have I done?
- Style Cart and Checkout pages
- Style Recommender, Question and Recommendation page
- Add JavaDoc and comments to code
- Finish designated section for the report
- Proof read the report 

## What was planned for me?
- [x] Relax

## Summary / reflection
We have comepleted everything we set out at the beginning of the project
and I could not have been happier with my team's and my own work. I 
believe we achieved and exceeded many of the challenges we set for 
ourselves and I hope our demonstrator would agree. The website and report
have all been comepleted in a decent time frame and spent any extra time
on proof reading and double checking functionality. This subject was a
amazing learning experience and I could not have asked for better team
members and demonstrator.
