Diary for Yida



Diary for Yida

Week 1 12/09/21 - 18/09/21:
Formed group, discussed project direction and brainstormed ideas. After google docs and github repository was set up by the others, I began
writing user stories from the perspective of the user. After that was done. Looked through some old material to familiar myself with programming techniques and languages. 
In particular javascript for frontend applications. Got allocated to do the frontend wireframing for next week.

Week 2 19/09/21 - 25/09/21:
Started working on website wireframes on figma, focused on getting the main points/features of the website down, such as product page layouts, headers, footers, sidebars and buttons.
Queries were asked in discord messages and in group meetings on whether the wireframes were up to standard. Wireframes were done and commented by the end of the week.
Coding the frontend based on the wireframes will begin next week. 

Week 3 26/09/21 - 2/10/21:

Started setting up the routes and making the general layout of the website, e.g. header, footer and sidebar. These are the general components that will be displayed
on pretty much every single page of the website. Some specific components (such as buttons) overlapped other components when zooming in which shouldnt happen, causing visual problems,
this was mostly fixed using viewport height units instead of pixels. However the footer extended past the width of the page and made everything out of scale when zoomed in, since these were placeholder components this would be addressed in future frontend styling changes.

More basic page skeletons will be started upon in next weeks work.

Week 4 3/10/21 - 9/10/21:
A simple homepage with some hard coded items in the frontend was written up as a placeholder for the backend items to be added in later. Started trying to link up backend with
frontend, no actual routes were established for passing data back and forth but just making sure it worked was good. Frontend work was also merged with
Maggie's login pages to consolidate progress.

A view singular product page would be started upon next week

Week 5 10/10/21 - 16/10/21:
A rough view product page to view single items was written up as planned from last week. Acquired a database from the backend people that is populated with 
some product details
Testing out fetch from the backend to get some data from the database. This was done in order to hopefully populate home page and product catalogue with products. Established backend and frontend so that future routes would be easy to fetch and understand. Add to cart function prototype complete for the front end.

Next week will be used to refactor some code, e.g replace repetitive code with functions and components in seperate files and fix button presentation and functionality. 

Week 6 17/10/21 - 23/10/21:
As stated last week, repetitive code was replaced with functions and components and future coding will be done in seperate files to reduce repetitive code.
Some slight issues were encountered in merge requests into incorrect branches but revert merges was the key to undoing mistakes. Review forms were attempted
without the knowledge of Maggie having already made them, the fault is mine so some time and effort was wasted there, her one being ended up being better than
mine anyway. View reviews were added to product pages and branch was merged to get discounts from backend.

Displaying discounts will come next week as well as the sidebar displaying items

Week 7 24/10/21 - 30/10/21:
Discounts are now displayed on the main page as stated from last week, as well as the cart displaying items. The frontend as of right now is still in a very basic state and lacking some navigation so that was corrected slightly. Started on working on modals to accept backend compatablility checking. Buttons in the sidebar cart had scrolling issues as they would disappear under the footer when zoomed in too much but once again this issue will be addressed once the website will have a visual overhaul from placeholder components to styled ones.

Linking most of backend retrieval and frontend components will be done next week.

Week 8 31/10/21 - 6/11/21:
Unfortunately last week did not allow displaying discounts to be done on the homepage so it was done this week. As stated last week searching products by category was added as part of new backend functionality. Adding to cart had some issues as there was a bug where on some pages the sidebar cart would not be rerendered once something was removed and that quantity was not updated either, once discovered both issues were fixed. Afterwards, compatibility checker was added to the sidebar cart and sorting items by popularity was also added.

Further filtering of the products will be added next week along with gridview. Benchmarking will also be added next week.

Week 9 7/11/21 - 13/11/21:
Further filtering of product catalogue, gridview and benchmarking were added as stated last week.
Beginning of the end, started working towards finishing most of the core functionality of sprint 3 by the end of the week. Scrapped placeholder
components such as header, footer and sidebar in order to start replacing them with more styled components from Maggie (header) and justin (footer), 
after replacement, those components were further modified so that navigation standards were met. Cart was redesigned to be a drawer by me and implemented. search page was also implemented to return search results from the backend. Help form pages were also made for price drops and order help.

Next week will be used to close things up, tidying up front end and deal with bugs.

Week 10 14/11/21 - 20/11/21:
Started closing things up with the others. Consolidated final changes with the group and dealt with bugs. Compatibility was being troublesome with localstorage 
being finicky about saving objects, however once things were sorted out with localstorage data access things were fine. Dry runs of the website were done with the group on tuesday and wednesday to ensure that the website was working at intended.
Presentation was presented I spoke about the homepage, cart and product pages for all their functionalities.
